listen I thought Popeyes and chick-fil-a
were cutthroat last year but the
streaming wars are about to pop off in
2020 so with all the new streaming sites
popping up we figured we'd give our
first thoughts and the services as they
start rolling out because as we covered
in our previous video competition is
already getting steep with streaming
just ask Walmart so all the new ones
that start rolling out and all the old
ones that we've had as they start
changing we want to make videos covering
all of them kind of like a I don't know
series comparing the state of streaming
throughout the year just to see was the
best stuff you know just to see what
works the best for you and our own
personal recommendations starting off
with these two let me explain
so when these two both launched in
November of 2019 it felt like people
just dismiss the Apple TV one faster and
the iCloud notification pretty much
Disney Plus won the battle easily for
going out first month stats but let me
break it down by these three for Disney
all the rated our stuff is going on Hulu
which Disney also snatched controller
since Disney Plus is supposed to be
family-oriented entertainments I do
prefer both of them going weekly with
their shows as opposed to dumping them
all because I feel this whole binge
model causes a lot of series to just
come and go you don't get to tune in
weekly and let it live for months but
obviously there's benefits to both
weekly though keeps the conversation
going and I personally like that
experience better
that's that Disney ones the constant
went as well in terms of originals I
know people who have the service just
for the mandalorian as much as I hate it
being exploited memes really are
becoming the new way for movies to pop
off they just look at Netflix and what
they did with Bird box at one point it
was literally our most viewed video
because people wanted to see what all
the memes were about so while the
expiration date for a mean used to last
until it was Ellen it's been it's been
dwindling ever since and now it's kind
of like by the time you see Netflix hire
a team to tweet it out the memes moldy
but in terms of the mandalorian it's
pretty good better than the movie some
would say I'll be making a whole video
on it but I do like the atmosphere of it
and I'm curious to see which director is
they get to expand on this world through
the eyes of a bounty hunter for future
seasons plus the music is incredible
Elina had noted Creed influences and I
look it up it's a Ludwig of course High
School Musical the musical the series I
think it's a hilarious concept and title
and so far it's decent I actually pretty
like it and I'll be doing a whole video
on
as soon as I finish it while a lot of
the other family friendly entertainment
wasn't up my alley I think it's cool
that they're leaving Hidden Mickeys like
they do in their animations and theme
parks I also personally like Marvel's
hero project and I love the honesty of
it what's the look people get you it's
definitely like just a quick but when I
catch them they're like especially when
you feel that excitement at the end and
it's mad heartfelt the Imagineering
story I personally found fascinating as
a documentary series I don't expect it
to tell the truth truth about Disney you
know I don't even pretty much admit that
through Disneyland that's how they were
able to snatch the funding to buy ABC
most know that wall always smoked and so
they Photoshop the cigarettes out of all
of the photographs but still kept his
fingers in the same position and we
honor the frozen theory but in terms of
the Imagineers history I appreciate all
of the behind the scenes footage that's
been cleaned up and looks gorgeous a
beautiful time capsule of the people who
made Disneyland possible and how opening
day went so terribly it was so miserably
hot that day that the high heels we're
going into the cements there are a bunch
of other shows on there that went up my
alley there's stuff like Jeff Goldblum
going sneaker shopping for some reason
but expect a lot more of these
live-action straight to streaming now
adaptations because if there's one thing
Disney Plus is banking on it's one of
the big reasons Disney bought Fox well
so they could hide their movies and keep
it only on their streaming services
maybe but really it gives them a massive
collection to display to their
subscribers which they own unlike
Netflix which is always losing stuff so
I'm launched in total Disney Plus had
around a thousand shows and change 500
movies while Apple had eight shows two
films it's been three months
here are the new numbers for Apple they
got people paying five dollars a month
for the morning show episodes they don't
even know Disney however had a
three-hour trailer that they dropped for
their service launch almost as long as
the irishman but of course all of this
can disappear at any minute and it sucks
that you pay for something that can be
altered at any time even though your
price isn't getting altered month by
month that said when it comes to the
Disney originals they have a bunch of
categories and boy is it a trip down
memory lane
what is the vaults which
I guess it's now digital so it can be
unlocked a lot of Fox stuff is on there
like the og x-men cartoon they got penny
proud now Lizzie so weird still no
famous Joe Jackson and then we entered
the Disney Channel original movie
section and it was over they divided it
into the golden era the silver is pretty
much they add xenon and all her sequels
from the 21st century luck of the Irish
the other meet but this right here is
what I thought it was like to eat pizza
this is delicious
it's only frozen pizzas no I mean I've
never tasted anything so unbelievably
delicious
[Music]
it was a piece of rocks the 90s man this
kid is kidding even press the button to
play in terms of Apple TV I like that
they've made a lot of the pilots too
they're originals available for free and
in terms of the series they seem to be
going weekly again I prefer that but I
really like the idea premiering a show
with its first three episodes because
not only is it a much more pleasant
binge but the saying always goes that
after three episodes that's more than
enough to know if you're into the show
or not and now I know the morning show
which is pitched as like a network
during me to movement I got nominated
for Golden Globes before it even
finished there's also the Jason Momoa
show see where everyone's blind Dickason
which is decent but I was waiting to
make this video on one certain show by M
night Shyamalan called servant and even
though it's in the midst of a lawsuit I
think it's pretty good not enough to
push you to pay for the service yet cuz
you know there's only a couple of
episodes so I would say stack up a
couple of episodes and once it's wrapped
up start your free trial but the bigger
problem that comes into play though is
how they're curating content Apple also
reported that their selections are meant
to be tailored to Tim Cook's likings
which if that's not the stupidest thing
I've ever they had even made a dr. Dre
TV series that got dumped for get this
showing gun violence cocaine and orgies
not because of dr. dre is this or
anything and the worst part is I think
they finished filming it too but that's
the thing with these services
they're already altering finished
products so what do you think they're
gonna do with the stuff that they're
giving money to they're gonna
practically direct it that's where
Netflix and HBO who do get a lot of crap
for making TV shows that are you know a
little out there and movies and stuff at
least they have the balls to not overly
censor projects just for the sake of
money or hypocrisy like Apple TV even
denied a series for being to me too
cuz that's a sensitive subject now which
if that doesn't show you exactly why I
don't care about the morning show I
don't know what else will in terms of
the interface I kind of think it's a tie
but that's more so because of a
technicality see a lot of people on the
first couple of weeks we're complaining
about the glitches of Disney Plus add
and Disney Plus you know being the
biggest company that we have right now
had people working
twenty-four hours at movie theaters for
the endgame screenings yeah they were
like we had no idea this was gonna fit
the [ __ ] both keep having their dolby
atmos and 4k glitch on and off which is
weird because my price doesn't go down
if that's what changes but I do like the
special features that appear with a lot
of the movies when it comes to Disney
Plus Netflix is starting to make a lot
of these as well but I don't get why I
have to go to youtube to watch those
when y'all have a tab and stop calling
it collections collections are for
franchises which will never have the
rights long enough I also love the
recommendations page that Disney Plus
has because again like I said they have
a catalog and like everything is here if
you watch something it's gonna give you
not only the spin on it's gonna give you
everything that's coming in that
franchise because the recommendations
are gonna lead you to that nostalgia in
terms of Apple TV I like it it's sleek
but it's also confusing like I'm not
saying it's difficult it's just always
changing apples going through a major
app rebranding where the iTunes Store is
now gone and it's all music even though
some songs still need to be purchased
Apple TV is the name of the box you buy
at the store that's set Apple TV is also
the app inside the Apple TV that allows
you to play the Apple TV originals but
it's not all accessible on Apple TV for
example my iPad I can go on the Apple TV
app and it kind of becomes like a hub a
box that connects all of my subscription
services so if I want to watch Hulu cuz
I already have that app and you know my
whole account going in HBO and Netflix
that the the Apple app just boots those
up you know is not charging me anything
extra it's a perfect place to have all
of my shows and movies in one spot but
on the Apple TV app on the Apple TV from
my TV that ain't the case there they're
pulling what a lot of other streaming
services do in order to get add-ons and
Apple has been very upfront about this
I'm not saying that it's scummy but
they're definitely riding on getting as
many recurring monthly payments from you
as possible pretty much they want you to
add an extension for HBO or Showtime but
through them and you know prime does
this Hulu does this like I said I like
the idea of having everything in one
place but considering that you already
showed me you could do that for free in
an app just do that you can download any
of the Apple TV plus originals and 4k
dolby atmos you know sometimes and i
also say sometimes because I'm pretty
sure they're gonna charge you extra to
get those options but
ITU's dissolved into appletv the app
that means that you can click on any
director and I really do like this you
can click on any director crew or cast
and it'll take you to their work and
even guest appearances it's pretty dope
but again we're judging it as a
streaming service of just paying the
$4.99 so while it's convenient to have
other titles available for purchase it's
also annoying seeing recommendations
when they're really just pushing you to
get add-ons so those aren't really new
recommendations those are ads to spend
another $12.99 a month overall as of the
beginning of 2020 I can't recommend you
give an Apple TV $5 I don't like I can't
even recommend it like it's not the hit
that Disney's better I can't recommend
Apple TV at least right now there needs
to be a lot more for a service that
wants to add another $4.99 to your
monthly streaming service budget
especially when half of the things on
the app cost another $14.99 anyways
maybe that'll change when I cover them
again next year since they do have a ton
of projects with names I'm really
looking forward to seeing but also Apple
and just movies in general know that
distribution can be a pain unlike Disney
they don't get the big catalogue to back
them up they don't like Disney there
Apple and just like with Apple music
which is hosting their own shows and
awards at their own Steve Jobs theater
located in their own Apple Studios lot
I'm almost starting to feel like a lot
of these services are just tax
write-offs whether they make money you
know they don't companies like Apple
have other things to sell just like Sony
who makes tech and Amazon which we all
know really you're it's an add-on for
your two days shipping so considering
that the main and sometimes only place
to watch Apple TV is on your Apple
products it literally just feels like
another selling point just to sell you
an iPhone
that's literally in there a problem in
terms of Disney it's got the goods I
don't know what else to tell you it is a
massive company so there is a lot of
scummy things that they do and we're
always here to report those as well
there's even a lot of reboots I'm not
looking forward to ma'am but in terms of
Disney Plus and they're streaming
catalog it can't be beat Mandalorians
are here there's just so much stuff on
there to catch up on it's relevant it's
trendy I don't see how their new stuff
also there's going to fail considering
their branding but that said tigey's
comments as I brought up previously that
the shows now have to be watched in
order to follow the Marvel movies like
comic events where they expect you to
make up every issue even though you
literally forget half of them they
stopped all of their great Netflix shows
in order to Disney plus all of their
movie stars so we'll see how that goes
it's not that it can't be good but the
objective then becomes marketing and
continuity which I feel starts limiting
artists from creating their individual
stories I could be wrong I could maybe
it will be a giant sandbox for
filmmakers to play in and as they hire
more and more independent directors I'm
hoping that their voices are still able
to shine through the product or be able
to get an and-one when it comes to
getting the funds for their dream
project because as of right now
Disney Plus may be better than Apple
service but that's ironic because
they're using apples way of tying you
into an ecosystem just to Disney that's
franchises their objective for most of
the new stuff is either to see how much
of it can be tied into nostalgia and
whatever can't then let's see if they
can become and nostalgia is one hell of
a drug to be addicted on thank you guys
for checking out this video I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comment section what are your favorites
new and old
what do you wanna see big ellamy are a
couple of smaller enemies on because I
know we do want to work on a couple of
I'm really excited for that and I do
think it's funny cuz you know when you
watch a Sony movie and they all act like
because they all have Sony phones in the
Sony movie like you know the teenagers
we're all pretending that they live in
an alternate dimension where everyone
uses experience when I level can do that
and have everyone have iPhones and it
actually makes sense but yeah it's kind
of crazy you know this is it it's
monumentally I don't know if you
remember where you were when Netflix
launched or when you first logged in but
this is they I can't say day one but
this is like the first year we're
getting all of these massive services
where we're now gonna have to be dealing
with streaming okay like cables done
like remember when we searched up DVDs
to blu-rays to for case this new
streaming thing is insane and being a
blockbuster baby that's what I grew up
with you know someone who literally
would not be doing this channel without
all of those visits the video stored all
the recommendations I got coming out
looking like Matilda I'm realizing that
these services are going to be that for
so many more people who didn't have a
blockbuster near them so I'm excited for
that but as always don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and buy your
favorite media because studios will
change it and take it away from you